In the last lecture we started implementing abettor generate process which allows us to regenerate our
dynamic routes.
Now I want to ensure that we actually limit the amount of age to the requests we make because right
now we make one request to get all posts.
Then we add dead post to the to be generated routes and when we generate all the pages here it essentially
makes this request here in the index that you filed in the post ID folder for every single post.
Now that's a bit redundant because we're already fetching all the posts data here in the generate function.
Thankfully there is an alternative syntax we can use to generate such a route.
We can port an object instead of a string.
So let's quickly do that.
And that object should now have the key which is called route.
That is the path but then it also has a second property which is called payload and this is an object
which can contain data that we want to pass to D to regenerate route.
And here it simply lets say post data which is our response data for the given key.
So now we don't just generate the path but all the data for that post is stored in a payload property
and there in the post data property.
Now we can use that payload in the index w fault in the posts Id folder.
There we can check if our context has a payload property which it only has during the static generation
command.
If that's the case then I want to return different data to be merged with our data for this component.
I won't make a new HTP request.
Instead I return a javascript object where my loaded post is my context payload post data remember post
data.
That was the post data we stored here.
With that if we save doesn't and we run generate again.
It should still work.
Does HTP request never gets executed because when you return from the async data function here already.
So now it should still be able to reach generate all these files without issues but it will not make
all these redundant HTP requests.
If we have a look at our generated faults let's refresh just to make sure we're seeing the latest state.
Here's our post and if we scroll to the right of it we should still see that it's populated with real
content like last updated on 24 January so this is correct.
But now this actually was made without making redundant requests.
And with that I just want to ensure that we fix these off related errors and then we're good to go.